What's up, family?  To tell you the
truth, I'm quite sad for Fran.   I
have to ask you all, please, to
support him a lot at this
time.  And honestly, you're going to
agree with me.  I feel a
little guilty about all the harassment he's
receiving. Even though
we're here trying to be there for him
and make him feel supported by
us, I don't think any of this would be
happening to him if he weren't
hanging out with me and Dallas.  I am
truly surprised, and to
conclude, what I want to say is that
I think Frank, with all the
problems he has and being the
public figure that Frank is, should get out of
there.  I mean, you have a
golden opportunity, Frank, cost, you have a
golden opportunity to listen to the other
side for a moment.  Take the wax out of your
ears for a minute.  Hold on and listen
to yourself and hear what we are
asking of you.  Frank, don't offer me blows
because I'm fighting with a
guy who messed with my mother by saying
that my mother died in prison.  I
'm responding to Dallas because
Dallas has been able to say that I have
this faith to his entire community when
he went.  Frank, open your [ __ ] eyes.  I think so
.  I think I already said the message
, eh, you say it now, R and
Delox have also said it before, that
the message to Frank is, "Dude, get out of
where you've been sitting, my
friend, but this isn't doing you
any good. Your image is not at its best right now
, for whatever reason, eh,
you have four lawsuits, four
criminal complaints coming against you in Thailand, which would really
piss me off, eh? [ __ ], maybe it
's time to reconsider who you
're hanging around with and also the influence they
're having on you, right? These people have been
chasing Fran since
we started collaborating with him and since
we became somewhat friendly with him. In
fact, I think the only ones who
made videos for Fran in the past
were precisely Dallas and I. And
nobody cared about Fran Cuesta. In fact,
the biggest thing fell on us. They've been
warning Fran for a long time that
if he doesn't stop hanging around with us by
good means, they'll do it by bad means. In
fact,  Since last year they
wanted to involve him in the whole
cryptocurrency issue, something Fran
has no [ __ ] idea about, he barely knows how to
make a bank transfer with the
computer, but let's say that at that
moment, in all the accumulation of
defamation in which they were involving us,
was when he received the first warning.  You
have created damage that is now
irreparable.  And the fact that you've done
something to affect my work, my
reputation, and above all, the well-being of
this sanctuary, it's very hard for a
cowardly brat like you to throw the stone and
hide your hand.  I repeat, no forgiveness or
anything will solve this.  And he
claims that no, that I'm lying,
that it's a mantra, that Fran didn't
accuse him of anything, that she only asked a little
question.  I hope everything goes well for you.
I thought, no, I thought you might be
related to Pambi.  I asked it as a
question, and today my opinion,
as I shared it at the time, is that I think it
has nothing to do with it.  I simply
believe he's playing his cards very poorly
and is defending himself at the cost of a
very high reputational risk that
has undoubtedly cost a
person who is truly a criminal
like Dallas quite a lot.  In other words, this clown is
trying to make us believe that it
was just a little question and that he wasn't
implying that Frank also had another
portfolio with privileged information
about Pambi.  That's that [ __ ] coward.  And
look how you dragged yourself along with Fran to
be your podca or for you to go to the
sanctuary.  And yes, they should put you in
the sanctuary, but in the
rat hole.  We are what we are.  We are
rats.  Surely this little question
was not an insinuation either and was
simply a question to resolve a
doubt.  I mean, I'm going to answer you with
something else.  I've been looking at
Fran Cuesta's thread lately.  Fran Cuesta had
a problem with Dallas.  Dallas went to the
sanctuary.  Fran Cuesta, they
recorded that you are defending him so much.
Uh, dude, it's devilish, Fran Cuenta.  But anyway
, regarding this, Fran already answered
here on my channel, and you raise your
eyebrows saying, "Uh, what does
Dallas have up its sleeve?"  Look, I'm 52 years old, I have
permanent cancer, I've had extremely
aggressive chemotherapy
three times, I've lost a child, I've been
ruined, I've gotten back up, I've been
ruined again, I've gotten back up
, I've been screwed.  And a
piece of [ __ ] like you who raises your eyebrows
saying that if Dallas has something
against me, it's not that it makes me laugh, it's that it makes
me feel sorry.  That's why I started
by saying, it makes me sad.  When I said the other day
that I didn't think you were a bad guy,
that you were such and such, and that you were very polite.
You're the typical polite guy who says
things quietly, speaking as if you were
very intelligent, and in the end, the only thing
you prove is that you're a brat who
hit the jackpot a long time ago.
When I type Delux into Google, the
first thing that comes up is the scammer
Delux.  For you, try writing Delo
del youtuber or Delux streamer, the
first thing that comes out is that or better yet, write
Who is it?  And you will see it.  And when
you put Fran Cuesta in, a lot of
animal [ __ ] comes out.  That's the big
difference.  So if you raise your
eyebrows it seems fine to me.  Man,
you talking about someone's reputation
after what you have in your
backpack, well, the truth is that it is
quite dubious and basically you would have to be
born again to compare yourself with
someone like Fran Cuesta, who is a guy
who has not only rescued
thousands of animals and lives
today solely and exclusively for them
when he could live in all kinds of
luxury, but he is also a person who has
raised his family.
While his wife was in prison for
6 years, he made the
3-hour drive to prison every day from 4 a.m.
to take care of her, to make sure she didn't
lack anything in prison and to
make sure nothing happened to her, to
also pay for the 3-hour drive
back, to take care of the animals, to support
his family, his children, and in the
meantime, fight cancer without
telling his family.  I'm telling you, even if
your
past is erased, even if you are born again, you will never
come close to matching someone
like Fran.  When a pack of
bullies targets someone
, they don't just try to
take down the person, but also everything in
their path and everyone
around them.  What you're
seeing is the night I collaborated with Iker
Jimnez on his TV program
Horizonte.  This group tried to put
pressure on Iker Jimnez, who luckily
obviously didn't listen,
pressuring him not to call me again
.  This other day, I was
bothering Channel 4 when they
found out that Dallas and I
had a spot on the show
Cdigo 10 that night. Could you like me more?  You
may like me less, you may think I'm
better or worse, but apart from
collaborating on some
television programs from time to time, I have also been
called on several occasions to
give presentations at some universities
regarding the media.   You
can find photographs on my Instagram
, and you
can even find videos on the university's website.
What you're seeing on
screen are messages that this group of
people who got together sent to
UNED, and they didn't stop until they
canceled my presentation.  And it's not just about
bothering the companies I
work with or the programs I'm
going to collaborate on, but also making
my collaborators or interviewees uncomfortable.  On
numerous occasions, YouTubers I've been
able to interview or
collaborate with live
have refused to come for fear of what
might happen to them.  Here, for example, they are
tagging Javier Urra.  Javier Urra, I do
n't know if you know him, those of you who are
outside of Spain, but he is a very
famous and highly respected person.  He is the former
children's advocate and has come to my
main channel on several occasions to
talk about topics that have nothing to
do with these people, just as they
had nothing to do with any of these
people, as it cannot be otherwise,
because these people do not matter nor are they
relevant anywhere.  The
collaborations he has done on
K Jimnez's show on Ana Rosa with
Nacho Abat have also
been bothering Nacho Abat.  Does Mr.
Javier Urra know that Javier Oliveira is the
staunchest defender of a man who
had conversations with 13-
year-old girls?  Well, thank goodness Javier Urra,
for example, is one of those people who doesn't
fall for this, but even though
most programs ignore
these harassers, it's true that
there are people who do feel
pressured or uncomfortable.  What
need do I have to collaborate with this
YouTuber?  If this little
group is going to come and leak my audios, leak
intimate private photographs, and
even threaten me with violence.  I think
you'll all agree with me
that Fran Cuesta, Fran de la jungla, as you
know him, is a
much-loved and respected person, despite the fact that he has
spent years expressing his opinion on highly
controversial issues, for which he has even been cancelled on
occasion
: political issues,
social issues, all kinds of controversies that
have made the front pages of the press,
but then ended up being forgotten because of
the respect people have for Fran.  Having
someone like Fran Cuesta by my side
is something that has benefited us
enormously, both on a personal level and
on a professional level,
being able to always have Fran on this
channel and everything he brings to us.  Lots of
live shows with a huge audience,
even videos with millions of views, and
this obviously doesn't please these
people who want to get rid of me.  Just
like that.  I said it, eh, and I'll
repeat it again, Javi, Fran Cuesta, has not
done any favors by joining with Dallas and
Javi Olivera has not done him any
favors, on the contrary, it is playing
extremely against him because for H
or B, which I don't know 100%
and I don't know, but it seems that
Frank himself has become
exponentially more sensationalist
since for whatever reason, he has had
closer dealings with those people.
She's not doing him any
favors, but hey, what do I
know, he'll know.  What you see here is
a portion of one of the lawsuits I
have filed against one of these guys.
This one in particular has more than 30
pages.  He doesn't hesitate to say it either.
The actor does not deserve respect.  He shouldn't be
treated like a normal person, and he
needs to be off the grid, and he'll
do everything in his power to
achieve that.  Boasting on several
occasions that he has managed to make things
worse for himself and that fewer people see him.  According to him,
fewer people see me thanks to him.  I've been
able to monetize and milk the
cow as much as I could, but there
comes a point where I'm fed up.
There were a lot of people who
idolized him and were doing much better, and now
there's no one who can stand Javi.  Pay attention
to this one, eh?  What would bother Javi?
Screw the ratings.  Pass it on to all
the ladies, so the ladies can see it.
When they stop donating money to him,
you'll see how his [ __ ] turns out like this.
When he starts losing views,
losing subscribers and people in his
live streams, you'll see how crazy he
gets.  I think that more or less with this
you can get an idea, whether it's with me
or with Dallas, because in this group there are
people who are obsessed with me, there are
people who are with Dallas, there are people who
are with both, there are people who are with one
because they have an obsession with the other, but we
agree that having a Fran
who makes videos with you, who is your
friend, who from time to time gives you a
hand and defends you, who speaks well of
you, well it is something that crosses their
objective.  So, Fran, if you didn't
want to do it the easy way, then you're going to
give up the hard way.  Because I remember
that at the beginning of discovering
all this, you were saying to Fran, Fran
Ranaway, Javi Oliveira, hey, open up,
open up to him, hey, go on your own,
open up.  And he's done the exact opposite,
man.  Well, if he hadn't made
that decision, perhaps it wouldn't have
bothered her and Cerl wouldn't have
conducted the investigation that ended up in
the Spanish newspapers.  So, there
is every cause and consequence.  I don't
find it shameful.  Keep your
sanctuary and your things and stop
hanging around with people who are trash.  Stop
hanging around with people who are trash.  Neither of them
cares
at all about what happens in
the sanctuary, how much of a liar
Fran is, or what might happen to the
animals inside that
land.  In this chase, everyone
has their own interests.  For
example, Chi, who is frustrated
because he has not been able to create his own
shrine and become a chiungla, is trying to make himself
known and raise the not inconsiderable
sum of 200,000 to create and set up
his own shrine.  And not only that,
but having your own podcast.  But let's
see, if you want to be an official member
of Don't tell them in case they invite
me, I'll deliver here everywhere.  Hey,
invite me.  The thing is, I don't want to
say anything because then they're going to say,
"He's looking for a camera, look how I want to
be famous."  It doesn't matter searching.  Who's
going to say it?  Nobody is going to say anything.
Nobody is going to say anything.  These guys
own the internet or something, I
own YouTube or something.  I think they
're afraid of me,
man.  They don't want me to get on.  We have,
[ __ ].  They don't want me to go up because
they're afraid that we'll be
sending faxes for life here.  From now until the end
of the year, from now until the end of the year, every
Tuesday a funada, man.  We took it out.
Well, well, well, since I do say
yes, I will be part of it.  I invite
Chi and I ask myself a question and I don't know if
you will ask it too and it is that
Chi, if you are so concerned about the
sanctuary of temptations or well,
little more and according to you it is
Jeffrey Epstein's sanctuary where they do such
terrible things, why do you have this
description and this information on your
YouTube channel?  Chi Wild
Life Channel, confidential, real
animal and nature lover.
I do humor from time to time.  We crack up at
your humor.  Arebalo.  On this channel
we will talk about things outside the
main topic.  Don't forget to give it a
follow.  But what I liked the most
was this part.  Chi.  Look,
if I come here, right?  To your networks, right?
What drives me crazy is this part
here, okay?  Official T-shirts,
Natural, Frank.  When are you going to
take it off?  Well, you haven't
even taken it off Instagram and the others do
n't care about the truth, or
uncovering lies, or dismantling
anything at all.  They are people who
have spent years, many years, wishing to be able to
revive.  Well, to be revived would be if they
had been alive at some point.
In the case of one, yes, but in the case of
the other two.  But well, they are people who
are desperate to be
able to make a living from this, from the internet, to have an
audience, to have a public, and they haven't been able to
do it in any way.  And I'll
also tell you, it's not like they make an
effort, they don't create any kind of
content, I mean, they don't cover
current topics, they don't cover things from all the
YouTubers, they don't cover, I don't know,
current things.  Daniel Sancho,
Arigin Play, Juan Warnison.  Now
we're stuck with the dad thing, are
n't we?  The conclave, Justin Bieber who is
constantly coming out with things.  Pdad, they don't
even cover a [ __ ] current topic.
They have single-subject channels about Javi
Oliveira, Dallas, Fran, the lawyer Pablo
Franco, Fran, Javi, Pablo, Pablo,
Dallas, Javi, Fran or a bit of Javi, a
bit of Fran too, a podcast
called A name related to Javi,
live shows about Javi, eh, a few
Twitter accounts each dedicated to Javi and
basically they have found the niche
of people who don't [ __ ] around and little else,
little else.  I don't understand why
they'll run out at some point, but hey,
everyone can dedicate their life to whatever they want,
as long as you pick up the cards from
the lawsuits that you don't take.  But
you remember that
blunder because their true
intention was evident: they thought
their channels were going to go viral
with that great interview, and then they got
frustrated and wanted to report the channels
because they weren't given credit.  I'm going to read
what Red wrote, right?  He says, "That's right. I
put it, I put it, I put it to laser
and to R I said we have to claim the
video from Nouter Play. He took 20 minutes
of chi, he doesn't give credits for where he gets the
content from. He crops the image so we don't
appear. I'm going to do it from my
channel. We have to tell Chi to
do it too. That's enough. If we
don't, he'll continue stealing with each
guest. And then Red put, that's right. If he
's going to react to the podcast, let him
react to the [ __ ] podcast, but no, he's not
going to steal what the guest says
so blatantly. What he's doing is a mockery
. He did it with Delux and now with Chi.
If he's going to react to the podcast, let him put
the [ __ ] full screen or give
credits and say where he got the clip from.
But not like that. We're going to
report it, right? We're going to report it.
What's going to happen is we're going to have to report it to
Nouter Play because he steals, he doesn't give credits, he
cuts out all the others of us who are  There.
A [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] with a nasal voice.
I mean, because this guy was
bullied for his [ __ ] nasal voice
, dude.  Hey, he already thinks he has the
right to steal from wherever he wants, just like
that.  I don't tell where I get it from, eh, I
play dumb, I cut out the others
doing the work.  I don't even give my opinion, I just
post, I make my cheap little jokes.   I
mean, here at Outerplay you're not
stealing, I mean, it's not, I mean, at
Outerplay they're used to stealing
things that don't belong to them, for example,
the [ __ ] shitty gameplays, dude.
Well, it turns out that it happened again these days
and their
intentions were once again revealed when a journalist
caught the information they were
giving away to write an article that did
n't really have much
impact, to be honest.  And I've already
said it, you can tell us that Fran
eats a capybara and you're not going to
ruin him, or kick him out of the
media spotlight, or destroy him, but I
won't deny that it's funny to see
your reactions.  We'll read it, but
come on, I have to tell you that a lot of the
information in that article
is mine, right?  Obviously yesterday when I
saw the article I was certainly a
little angry.  Look, I wasn't angry, but it's
true that I said, damn, not a bit of
credit, right?  To work.  I've been here
tanking a lot of
[ __ ] and a lot of hate.  And now
suddenly they come here when the waters are
already calm, let's say when the ship is already
sinking in a certain way and now
suddenly people come out and say that Fran
Cuesta is a bluff, right?  Well, let's
read the article.  The headline is the
blueprint for a standard.  What sons of
[ __ ], they really piss me off, huh?
What bastards, man.  What bastards, man.  They
got all my info, man.  Ah, look,
today, look, today today I wrote to the
reporter, today I wrote to the
editor and I said, "Look, yesterday
I was pissed off and I posted a tweet saying
that you haven't given me, that you haven't
said anything, you haven't even named me because
I've been saying, I mean, obviously I
was the first one who said this and you haven't given me
anything, not a bit of credit, not a
bit of anything, right? And I wrote
to the editor, I said, look, yesterday I
was pissed off and posted a tweet. Look,
I think that each of us should accept
our realities and the sooner
we learn to do it, the less we're going to get
frustrated in life. What's happening
with the Chi issue with Fran is that
as the days go by, he has to
raise the bar because otherwise he won't
satisfy the public. I understand that they
are demanding that type of content and
the last thing he did, well, the truth
is that it was a pretty low attack.
Fran Cuesta got really pissed off and it
's not  less so with what has
happened recently.  And while it's been a while,
well, I'd say from the beginning,
Chi has also been attacking
Fran's children. For example, there have
been live streams where he's mocked
Sape's football career, there have been live
streams where he's said that Fran's daughter
can't stand him.  In fact, there
was also a kind of threat, a warning from
Chi, that if they didn't stop dedicating themselves
to the animals, he was going to come after them.  It's
over because from now on if he
makes animal content he's going to have me
on the back of his neck, okay?  will have to stop
making animal content and neither he nor
she nor the children who do not make
animal content know that they are part of
this quartet because I will be there.
Tell him, tell him that you are going to buy
a drone.  I don't know if you heard that,
laero.  He's going to buy you a drone.  Yes, I'm
going to buy a drone because I'm going to
put a drone on it when they say they're
doing this.  I'm going to count
the animals, I'm going to put in a drone, I'm going to
do everything because Ah, I thought you were going
to buy a drone with two
machine guns on top to do pa.  No, just
kidding, just kidding.   Sit back
and listen to
Fran himself explain what just happened,
because the truth is, it was
unfortunate, and I think it crossed
all sorts of lines, and I don't
understand what the point is either.  Chi has
started texting
Fram's youngest daughter.  What do you do?  What do
you do?  writing to a 14 year old girl
after saying that she
publicly detests me, after I
publicly said, "We are
protecting her between the brothers and I, there
is not a bad word against the mother,
against the partner, against anyone in front
of her ever. We are protecting her,
you are constantly naming her and
suddenly, suddenly this being, this being that
you support, this being that you say is
based, this being that you say is the
best, this
being is that this being sends my daughter
this this message. This message is sent
to my daughter. Hi, Sen. This is not about
you, my dear. Hello, Zen. This is not
about you, my dear. Don't let them
lie to you about me. Please understand
that Dad is a compulsive liar and it needs to be
said before the lies
continue to grow. I'm truly
sorry if I make you feel bad.
Uncle Chi still loves and supports you and will
help you with whatever you need. This, this,
this is what  you have sent my
daughter to him.  To my 14 year old daughter.  To my
14 year old daughter.  First, my dear, you
've never told my daughter that in your [ __ ] life.  And now
you say to him, "My dear, you're a slob. You're
a slob."  When the police saw this
, they were scared, and when she
said she was afraid of what
was happening, that she didn't understand why
this message was coming, no, the name is
there.  He has put his name.
Anyone, I repeat, anyone
who gives this person a media voice
is supporting the harassment of a
minor.  And who knows.  There won't be a
problem, Claudia.  There won't be a
problem.  There are three
restraining orders.  Harassment of minors
here is frowned upon.  It is very frowned
upon.  And for a 14-year-old girl to say
that she's scared of this is
frowned upon.  Obviously she blocked him, she
talked to her brother about it, we talked about it, and
really what she's done, uh, what she's done
is, I think, the worst thing they
could have done to CEN right
now, when we're all
trying to get her out of this whole thing,
both her mother and I could have
problems, okay?  But she's
staying with her mother most of the
time, because I also want her to
be with her mother, regardless of
the problems I have with her mother,
even if I end up with lawsuits and
whatever, but if there's one thing we
both want right now is for her to
be okay.  But this, sending this
message to my daughter, this is not for the
animals.  This is the typical fan who
befriends the star and then
ends up killing him.  Honestly, the
truth is that my
balls fell off when Fran told me this.
Hello my dea.  to a girl whose family you
're speaking ill of, whose
family you're trying to destroy, that is, you
're literally trying to destroy
her father through the media, so that he doesn't have the
resources to pay for her school, her
food, so that she can't dedicate herself to
what has supported them all their lives,
so that they have to leave the country.  Yeah. I
mean, what the [ __ ] are you doing,
man?  I don't know how to take or
interpret even this.  Tell
me in the comments box what you
think, I mean, what's the point,
when, I mean, you start
writing to your 14-year-old daughter.  I mean,
you haven't even said yet, "Well, to the
oldest, if he had a relationship with the oldest,
imagine, hey, he's had a relationship
with the children and wants to say goodbye to the
oldest, right? Which is more or less to the
girl, the little girl, the 14-year-old
you write to. Uh, I don't know, I think it's some
kind of threat. I don't understand how to
take it any other way. He knows
perfectly well that what the writer says is
going to reach the father. So, it
seems to me like a threat, a
warning. I'm here. Very shady, the
truth is that it's very, very shady, man.
The problem with the father already
seems disproportionate to me. I mean, what the
hell is he responding to, what
Fran's telling you? Fran's trying to
make his videos, make his content,
rebuild his life without you being in it. You
're not responding to anything at all.
Fran is ignoring you. The little that's
coming out to say is to deny
some serious accusations that you're making against him
and it's still rising  the level. It is not
responding to anything nor is it proportional.
Nobody is telling you anything.  It was already
disproportionate at the beginning, the mess she made by
leaking intimate content, leaking
audio, leaking everything because they
had said she was harsh with the YouTubers,
but I really am not that
surprised, I mean, in the end, in
fact, send a kiss to those of you who
were supporting Chi at the beginning
and someone explain to me what
has changed.  I mean, it's been like this from the beginning
, leaking family things,
leaking audios, leaking documents.
When the news about the savannah broke, when it became
known that Fran was detained,
everything escalated to the point that
sexual content,
intimate content, private audio recordings, and
family matters were leaked.  It's been like this from the very beginning
, that is, nothing has changed.  What is
happening is scratching, scratching,
scratching.  Let's see what other family
and personal things he brings out.  things that have
nothing to do with animals or
what Fran has done to him, or
even Yuji.  I mean, I don't understand
why Yui could even find
this funny, but as I'm telling you, given that she
's hanging out with the people she's
hanging out with, it doesn't really surprise me.
Here's one of the guys he's
hanging out with now, promoting
explicit content about a 13-year-old girl.  But
anyway, let's see what
this crazy, dangerous Argentinian girl has to tell us
.  I remind you.  If you're
a good B troll, cast for
Telegamer.
Hello, what's up?  Hey, my name is
Grisela.  Grisela.  Grisela.  Well, I'm going to
be a Telegamer because when I
grow up I want to be an actress.  I would love to
be an actress.  That is, she already wants to
belong to Telegamer.  This busty
Argentinian wants to be part of Telegamer
because she wants to be an actress when she grows up.  I
mean, dude, since when are you a Telegamer?  It's
an acting school, dude.  Her
name is Giselle.  She moves like that, she wants to be an
actress, but when she grows up, right?  But he hasn't
said what kind of actress.  I think
she has a future in pornography,
right?  In porn.  Let's continue watching
the video.  Frankly, I can
learn a script very quickly.  I
really enjoy playing different
characters.  Okay.  This little Argentinian girl is a real
idiot, a real idiot.  Uh, yeah, she's really
stupid, isn't she?  This Argentina, like
all the girls who have
auditioned for Telegamer, well, I
've seen some and they all say, "I can't
stand the criticism. This [ __ ]
Argentina is turning you on, huh? You
better go do this show at C
for, okay? Please, I'll wait for you there. I would like
Piol to be part of this
project. So, she's striking this
pose again, right? That's like her pose. I mean,
this girl is her tactic to earn
a spot, I don't know, to earn a 10 or to
earn money, the silver,
right? Uh, first she starts talking
nonsense to you, shows off her cleavage and ends up
like this, dude, like this with this pose, like this. Mm.
Ah. Ah. And not only that, which is from the
past, but she's currently been
making
pedophile comments about my 14-year-old daughter for a few weeks now.
I hope they never offer her, dude. Imagine
if someone offered Javi's daughter
a contract like that.  That's when you get angry, right,
Javi? That's when you get angry. Be careful, okay?
Make sure Dallas doesn't meet your daughter,
because when she turns 13, she'll get a crush on her
, okay?  He's going to crave it.  I
mean, don't show him any photos
of your daughter Dallas, Javi Olivera, because when she
turns 13, the cryptofart is going to get a craving for her
.  No, it's very curious.  That's
the comment.  Estar, I think you
would be willing to put your daughter on
Ly P's Patreon. And what was
LC P asking for on his Patreon?  Girls, to
lose my virginity, send me intimate photos.  I'm
horny.  I am litipe.  You're such a bad
father, Javi, that you'd be willing to
offer your daughter there, because you
spend your time defending yourself.  So
what Lipe has done on her Patreon with the
girls, you see it well.  So you're
just one step away from offering your daughter
there, right?  Instead of throwing her a
15th birthday party, a 15th birthday
, you say, Lipe, I'll give you my daughter
on your terms.  Lipe, if
you want to lose your virginity, if you want.
My goodness, aunt, my goodness, uncle.  My goodness.  He is 14
years old.  14 years old.  I mean, no,
don't justify it, it's wrong.  Spot.  No,
I'm agreeing with Javi that
since he defends them so much, he should
put his daughter in there, there's no
problem.  So they are indeed
good people because you are
agreeing with them.  Well, in Javi's mind
, I put myself in Javi's perspective
.  The reason I tell you Cel is that there are
worse comments on his live streams.  I
believe it, but since no one sees them,
we take this live show as a joke
. What would happen three days ago
?  We take it as a joke,
but nobody sees them.  If not,
imagine this.  This one should be
banned, but nobody sees them.
I mean, you're worse than a pedophile, Javi.
You're a bad father, understand that.
You defend Dallas so much, you defend Liip so much
, that he is, I think you would be
willing to put your daughter on
Ly P's Patreon. And what was
Ly P asking for on his Patreon?  Girls, to
lose my virginity, send me intimate photos.  I'm
horny, I'm Lisipe.  You're such a bad
father, Javi, that you'd be willing to
offer your daughter there, dude, because you
spend your time defending Dallas and Ly
P. So, what he does on his
Patreon with the girls, you see it well.
So you're just one step away from
offering your daughter there, right?  Instead of
throwing her a 15th birthday party, a
15th birthday, you say, "Liscip,
this gift to my daughter under your
conditions, Lisipe, if you want to
lose your virginity, if you want intimate photos, I'll
give you my daughter."  Lip, Mexi, Mexi,
the other, Raet, the other, the other.  a
real pedophile.  Another one of them, as we
were discussing in one of the
last videos, was extorting money with
intimate content supposedly from Fran,
okay?  Hey, showing a frame
where we could see, you guys aren't going to
see it, it's heavily censored, okay?  But what
they posted on Twitter was
completely recognizable, you could
even see the girls' tattoos.  An
ex-girlfriend of Fran's, a girl
Fran was with 8 or 9 years ago, okay?  His
tattoos are noticeable.  The girl
today has nothing to do with
public life.  I think the girl just
had twins or is about to
have them or something like that.  He spent
the whole morning extorting me.  I didn't even
see it.  Nor would I have given in to
extortion.  I'm telling you.  If I don't
delete videos about them, they'll publish
intimate sexual content of Fran, okay?
A full-blown extortion.  And this one
lives in the United States, okay?  Do you think
they condemned or criticized each other
?  Of course not.  They are not
Javi or Dallas to be
criticized.  face and they left the tattoos
and all the bad guys and the whole environment
that is against us retweeting the
photo of the girl who is there.  I didn't
retweet that, she's about to give birth
and oh, you know what I'm telling you, they're
accusing Dala of leaking the
audios.  Oh, really the audios or yes I
retweeted it, I don't know I did it. If I did it, I
give it a go, I untweet it because it was a
mistake, but I think not or yes, I don't know, I don't
remember.  I retweeted that [ __ ] to
delete it.  I'm going to delete it because it's a piece of
[ __ ], man.  My mistake there because
I thought there was consent and it was
known.  I'm deleting it because no, I mean,
the tweet is already deleted, the tweet was already deleted
, but I
prefer to delete even my
comment because I don't agree
with it.  And the tweet was already
deleted before, meaning, now the tweet
was unavailable, but I'm
deleting it anyway because I don't
agree with what I did and it was a
mistake, honestly, on my part.  He knows
perfectly well who recorded it.  Once
the damage is done, we wash our
hands.  First I didn't retweet it,
then I did retweet it, but I
thought that photo was consensual
.  Of course, I thought they
were threatening you with this
consensual content.  That is, the creature believed the
content of a photograph, which is a
frame from a video with which they
are extorting us, which was with
consent.
Well, my mistake, my mistake.
Anyway, the tweet is already there. No, the tweet
isn't deleted. The tweet appears
unavailable because Twitter has
blocked it, which is outrageous.  But hey
, since we're washing our hands of
this, let's criticize Chi for the
last thing he did.  This, this is not
about you.  Don't let them lie.  Don't let them lie
to you.  I mean, don't let you lie
about me.  Please understand that your
father is a compulsive liar and this
needs to be said before the
lies continue to grow.  I'm
so sorry if I disappointed you.  Uncle Chi
continues to love and support you.  You
want whatever you need.  Hey, gift is
whenever you need.  I'm
sorry, but this is not
child molestation.  I can think it's better or
worse.  I think this is a terrible timing
to send this message.  I think it's
terrible timing to send this
timing.  Horrible, horrible timing.  This
was going to happen.  It's horrible timing.  I
honestly think Chip's timing is horrible.  But this message has
definitely not been costly to
minors.  Defamation, brutal defamation
of Fran Cuesta and he's going to get another
complaint.  And another complaint is being filed and will be filed
.  Frank, you're going to end up in
prison.  Well, innocent of me, right?
How can we criticize someone who
is finally giving us the dream of our
lives?  have more than 500, 600
viewers, correct me if I'm wrong,
but normally people who defend
things do so because they do the same things
or think they're going to do them in the future or
because they might get caught for the same thing,
because I don't go out to defend a
criminal unless I think
that criminal has to be defended
by me because what's happening to him
is unjust.  So my question, my
theory, and my question is, why would
someone defend something that they're not
doing?  I mean, I mean, I wouldn't
defend anybody from something that I think
is wrong, you know?  I mean, why is
Javier defending
tax evaders?  I wouldn't do it.  If he
does, my conclusion is simple.
Well, let's leave it there for now.
Likewise, although we're not making
videos every day about these topics,
because it's not our content, our
content isn't monothematic. We have
many topics to cover, and we have a
great community thanks to covering everything and
working together.  It's true that from time to
time, the videos we've made, as
soon as you put in a little effort, you
debunk all the nonsense.  For
example, I remember they started
saying that
Fran had spent all the collection money on
cars.  We took the calculator here in 15 minutes,
took it apart, and that's what's been
happening with almost all the nonsense they've been
saying.  Some were
lies, others were nuanced,
but ultimately none of them had the context
or the tone they wanted to give them.  The
latest thing they've been saying, the topic
of the week has been that Frank kills
animals, specifically especially that he
kills dogs, that he usually poisons them, that he
usually shoots them too, something that
Fran has already explained.  For security reasons, you
now know that this place is closed
24 hours a day, okay?  Whether you're coming in or
out, we're closing the place, whether there are
people inside or outside.
This site is constantly being
shut down, okay?  Because
strange things are happening, things that have never
happened before, are happening, okay?
Coincidences of life.  But anyway, I'm
telling you this.  Because?  Because the other day
I did a live stream and suddenly I said,
well, dogs were coming in here and such and we were
throwing stones at them, we were
shooting them with one of
those BB guns and I was putting
poison on them or I explained that it wasn't poison, it
was a laxative.  Why do I say this?  Because there
was a person working here a
long time ago who was obsessed with
poison.  And he'll say I'm lying, but
I told him many times, "Poison never, never."
Because I have a very bad experience
with poison, okay?  Hey, and I don't want any
poison around here.  And I said it actively and
passively and always as long as you don't use
poison.  And I ended up saying, "Yes,
I'm putting poison. I'm going to
poison all of you. I'm going to poison all of you
."  In fact, I'm going to show you
something.  Look, here came the dogs and
cats that came in from other houses.
And I'm not talking about one dog or two
dogs, I'm talking about 14 dogs, 16
dogs that were all getting in
here.  Packs of packs.  I arrived here one day.
Wait, I'll give it to you now.  I arrived
here one day.  Yes, man.  Heavy,
yes, I know.  Here, here, here, here
, pill, here, here, here.  I just came
here one day, okay?  And I found all the
animals dead, including the
meerkats.  This is something I've never
said, okay?  Because?  Because it
seemed very sad to me.  I said, "No, they went
to the savannah, such, including the
meerkats, okay? Uh, everything, everything was
dead and I decided that was it."  I put in
everything I know that could be done,
okay?  The whole fence had to be rebuilt
, the whole fence.  And that doesn't happen
overnight.  So I
started throwing stones at him, shooting him
with the BB gun, plastic BB guns
that don't kill him, they're just so they don't
hurt him and they don't get into his
body.  OK.  And yes, I said the other
day that I put poison on them, but I didn't
put poison on them, what I did was I
put them here because the cats came and
killed
everything.  I put in this gossip, in
this gossip here, okay?  I used to put
food mixed with an ointment which
is a laxative.  It is a laxative.  Okay,
actually there must still be one here.
There sure are.
There sure are.  I put it
here
and well, there isn't any, but it was a laxative that
I put
here.  Look, there are still some here.
This was it.  This is a laxative, okay?  This is
a [ __ ] laxative.  So that?  so that
the animals would
defecate.  Okay, still, look, I
still have, look, three left for the
animals to [ __ ] themselves.  And why did I
want them to
[ __ ] themselves?  Well, because it creates a memory
inside the animal in which it says,
"Anything that eats me in this
place is going to make me [ __ ] my
pants."  And they would stop coming with that
intensity, especially the cats because they would
come and take a hen, they would
take a chicken, they would take
whatever.  Okay?  Cats that live
around because they have them in the houses and
let them loose, especially one house
that has 16 dogs.  16 that you can't
even ride a motorcycle near.  Well, we told
the owner.  The owner said, well, put
the fence higher.  Okay, we'll start
putting up all the things I'm telling you about, the wire fence
and everything, but quick fixes.
No animal died here.  In fact, two gang members had been
killed once, and this
person said, "Come on, we have to kill them,
so."  I say, "No, no, look, there are already
several dead."  Where?  Look how it
smells.  Because?  Because I
had also brought in the gangs that had been killed
so that they would eat them, eat them right away and
not come back.  Here is the poison.
Relieves body aches and pains.
Treats muscle pain,
gas pain.  It treats stomach aches and is a
relaxing agent.  Uh, well, let's see, I'll also
tell you, I mean, poison depends on
where you look at it, right?  It depends on each
person's stomach.  Be careful
, for example, some
restaurants are a bit poisonous to me.
And so on with everything.  And take my
word for it, it's not even to contradict
Fran.  I don't even think they care about
that.  If Fran came out tomorrow and said that
Dallas is an abuser and Javi Oliveira
is terrible and he wouldn't hang out with
us anymore, right?  At least he shouldn't
do live shows with us, okay?
Don't give us any visits, eh, podcasts,
these things, okay?  I tell you,
they wouldn't care.  The intention is against
us.  I want you to pay close attention,
for example, to this clip.  This is another one.
They accuse Chi of being a traitor for having tipped
off or sent an email.
No, this started from the top brass of
these bullies and disinformation makers, and the
ones Fran Cuesta works with.
Now I understand a lot of things that have
happened in recent years, right?
Why this person has hung out with the
internet trash that has hung out with him
.  And now I'm starting to understand,
right?  Because of course, he likes hoaxes so much
that he obviously has to team
up with people who also spread
hoaxes, right?  Well, these people who
constantly spread hoaxes on the
internet and constantly defame,
they said that someone had
sent an anonymous email to the
authorities.  Imagine if an
anonymous person sends an email to the
police and suddenly, with that
anonymous email, 40 [ __ ] police officers come to your house.
This, this, in what reality of
mentally [ __ ] people does it fit?  I mean,
do you think if I send an
email now and tell him the neighbor has
otters, 40
FBI, National Parks, and
Immigration officers are going to come here and check to see if they
have any otters?  Obviously not.  Obviously
not.  If you send it, obviously not.
Look, man, at the screen, huh?  That is, the
screen he is
sharing.  Look, if you look here, okay?
The very screen he's
sharing, huh?  I am
doing this here in front of you.  This
is the article of the world, okay?  Look,
you see this part, you see it, okay?  Okay.
Okay.  An anonymous complaint reported that he
had nine
short-clawed otters and a mega-mouthed python on his land
without authorization.  Okay,
anonymous complaint, man.  He's sharing it on
his own screen, huh?  In fact, I
don't know if you remember this
Facebook post, right?  This Facebook post that
suddenly reached them, right?  The wig
first with only 11 likes, right?
Only a dozen people had seen it
.  This post is in
Thai.  We give it to we give it to
translate.  Let's see, now you see it.
Okay.  Look, this Facebook page does
n't belong to Javi Oliveira, or Dala,
right?  Department of National Parks,
Wildlife and
Plant Conservation.  Okay, this is where it was published
that Fran had been arrested, okay?  This
was the famous page, wasn't it?  The
famous post that, with barely 10
views, reached Javil Pelucas by
chance.  Okay, let's see, you'll see that there
might be some mistake in the
translation, eh, that's probably it if
we go to the statement, okay?  It was
revealed that this operation was the
result of receiving an email alert
on February 14.
February 14th, okay?  Email
stating that a foreigner was in
possession of protected wildlife without a
permit, okay?  Like otters, parrots and
well, anyway.  And in this email, okay?   You have to
read a little, you have to
inform yourself a little, right?  To tell
things.  In this anonymous email they
received, in addition to informing the
authorities about the specific species
Fran had without documentation, they
also reported the donations
Fran had received.  Okay, I mean, uh,
amazing, amazing, amazing, right?
Kick's theme and the theme of, you know,
right?  The two collections that were
made, both the one I was in and the one
Greev was in.  Well, family, it's
a bit the same for us,
okay?  I have two or three scripts on hold,
in fact, because, uh, the power went out, it
was the blackout, right?  By the way, I
haven't told you anything, but I hope you're
okay.  We were already talking about it on
last night's live show.  Let's continue with our
content, okay?  We try to ignore
these little things, but it's true
that from time to time you have to go
out because, look, it seems like
we forget, right?  Who are some and
who are others?  I tell you,
Fran said it too.  FRA is taking
legal action against everything that could
be condemned in both Thailand and
Spain, okay?  Anything
done by people in Spain
will be subject to legal action.  You already know
that I also have several
legal measures in progress, which
by the way don't cover the claims, I
say it again, but obviously, no matter
how slow justice is, it
's not infinite if it arrives, okay?  I tell you it's
coming, I tell you it's coming, okay?  I'll be
reading your comments box, okay?
Hey, thanks for your support, thanks
for never letting go of our hand.  I hope
you enjoyed the video, I'll be
reading it and bye, gorgeous.